XI - ALIVE
(CHILLING MUSIC PLAYING)
- HUGO: Look! It's her!
Amicia!
- LUCAS: So you succeeded?
- RODRIC: Here!
I have to warn you, smells a bit burnt.
- HUGO: Who's he?
- RODRIC: Rodric.
But... Shhh...
- LUCAS: Ah...
The Sanguinis Itinera...
- HUGO: What is this book about?
- LUCAS: It's...
- AMICIA: It's a story of a little boy...
Who's going to get a lot better now.
- RODRIC: (CLAPS) Right, I'm starving. Anyone else?
- HUGO: Me!
- AMICIA: Come and eat then.
I think we deserve it.
You too.
- LUCAS: Coming.
(HAMMER HITTING ANVIL)
- RODRIC: No no no!
Bloody hell! That's no good.
- AMICIA: Hey, are you alright?
- RODRIC: It's nothing.
Tell me...
This door...
Have you opened it before?
- AMICIA: It's stuck.
It's the only place in the château
we haven't been yet.
- RODRIC: Don't you want to see
what's behind it?
- AMICIA: Well... Hugo is asleep.
It's not an Inquisition guard.
But at least, I'll be able to continue training.
We see everything...
And no one sees us.
The world is forgotten in this castle.
Come on. Rodric is waiting for me.
Let's go take a look.
- RODRIC: This, at least,
I know... how to do it...
There you go.
- AMICIA: Wow, that was...
...efficient.
- RODRIC: And almost painless.
Come on.
Let's go.
Woah...
Can you feel that?
- AMICIA: No, what?
- RODRIC: When you're in a place
that'd been abandoned for a long time.
There's something in the air.
- AMICIA: Yes... Dust.
- RODRIC: No, the stones.
It's like... interrupting a conversation.
- AMICIA: Ah...
- RODRIC: This is the first time I've felt it here.
Hm...
That looks dangerous.
Let's avoid it for now.
Another door.
Shall we continue?
- AMICIA: Of course.
- RODRIC: Let's see...
Where this... leads us...
Oh...
The courtyard.
- AMICIA: It's a shortcut.
- RODRIC: I almost forgot.
I found something while I was doing
some clearing earlier.
Come take a look.
- AMICIA: Another story about stones?
- RODRIC: Actually, you're not far off.
Amicia... Come and see this.
You'll like it.
- AMICIA: I'm coming.
A fresco.
It's...
...strangely familiar.
- RODRIC: It includes the symbols of the pillars.
This castle has things to tell us, huh?
- AMICIA: And... what is it telling us then?
- RODRIC: Even I don't understand everything.
I just think we'll be fine here.
- LUCAS: Amicia!
Come quickly!
It's Hugo!
- AMICIA: Oh no!
I'm coming!
- RODRIC: Need me?
- AMICIA: Uh... I-I'll call you.
- LUCAS: Come on.
Come on!
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
- AMICIA: I'm here, Lucas.
- LUCAS: Quickly.
- AMICIA: Hugo... please...
- LUCAS: It's getting worse and worse.
- AMICIA: The Macula is progressing too fast.
- LUCAS: I realise that, Amicia. I'm doing my best.
I...
I mean I'm trying to do what the book says...
But... it's going to take too long.
I need a proper laboratory.
- AMICIA: Like Laurentius had?
- LUCAS: No, no!
One with better equipment.
- AMICIA: Well... perhaps my Mother...
At-at my home...
- LUCAS: She must have some equipment there.
You're right.
It's worth a try.
- RODRIC: I believe your twins are back.
- AMICIA: Mélie!
You found him!
- ARTHUR: More... dead than alive.
I guess...
- MÉLIE: Amicia, we-we came because...
Well...
- ARTHUR: Yes...
- MÉLIE: Arthur, you tell her.
- ARTHUR: After our little adventure
with your heretic-burning friends...
I ended up in an Inquisition cell.
One day, I saw a guard accompany a prisoner
who looked the worse for wear...
Those... bastards wanted her to tell them where her son was, so...
They threatened her.
And I heard her name.
Béatrice de Rune.
- AMICIA: Mother is alive?
She's alive?
You managed to get Arthur out...
- MÉLIE: It wasn't simple.
Believe me.
- AMICIA: So you could...
- ARTHUR: Forget it.
I was nothing.
She...
She's too important to the Grand Inquisitor.
He... uhh...
..."questions" her...
...a lot.
- AMICIA: They...
...tortured her?
Hugo mustn't know anything of this.
- LUCAS: Even that she's alive?
It might help him.
- AMICIA: And what will we say
when he wants to see her?
Tell him nothing, alright?
- HUGO: (SCREAMING)
- AMICIA: Oh no!
Hugo!
- HUGO: (GROANING)
- LUCAS: The next threshold. It's coming!
- AMICIA: We have to go at once. To my home!
Now!
- MÉLIE: You go.
We'll stay here with him.
- AMICIA: It will be alright, my little brother.
I swear.
This time we will heal you.
- LUCAS: Alright... I'll get the Sanguinis Itinera.
And some potions and then we'll leave.